whereas the tradition today is
the pot-au-feu in opodo fire it's
really the family plan but at once
ancestral but both kippot super
modern because I love my pot-au-feu
know that we will prepare it
and then in three hours there are
buddies the family that comes we put that
on your behind we are finished we have a
tare to be in three hours that's
just a little bit their leather it stays
a very simple recipe of the meat that
butt full of vegetables
and then from there you see it's
party is great group
when you go to the butcher you
ask him for two three pieces
different to have a pole what
is a bit of character that there are some
people who prefer for example the addition
of beef the chuck or the hock
the hock is a slice of our
role is for example but here we are on
the oxen do not concern and then the little
bone marrow jana the first operation
it consists of good is the meat etc
so how do you produce it's
very simple we'll soak in water
and until when we take away all the meaning
do not really hesitate to rinse with water
cold because in fact the idea is to
remove them the maximum of 100 to have
a super clear broth after brothers
jeannet the meat the darling of color
she was not going any more white
I really had a good rinse
put it in cold water and we're going
bring to a boil involved to
boiling we will peel all our
vegetables
I have to work we call vegetables to
the screen the classic fire levels
really essential to salt from the boules
we have turnips so did not have red or
turnip young rutabaga nothing or turnip
golden ball what we want the leek
it's essential to really indulge
nice taste small vegetables is
essential if you need it
use it in the markets but we
start to find even a little
everywhere is called the breaded and here
that you know or not and the famous
onions that we will cost dakar good then
there is peeled vegetables then the
look is not very beautiful what has happened
passed ben salah and increases very high
despite having as well as these lands one
is obviously quite that cumes
come on okay let's take that off
it's super important to do well
of scum it allows you to have a
pot-au-feu the most beautiful possible we will
clean up their scum etc and we'll
let the meat simmer
for an hour after she
you're going to cut wholesale in two years
arranged in two the leeks agree
nickel so now it stays to
to cost onions
yes you know why we make listen to
onions to recover them at the end
Or not agree to introduce not see
what I mean is a blow
from jérôme baude to the game it's a bit
unpleasant taq taq of saint henri iv
then the other one will leave eun nature
this batch we will let Nature can be
we can eat better your clan
beautiful like that there you see it's a
hour and a half that it's cooking we have
scum we start to see a broth
super nice and we're going to season it
okay then you're pretty zen all
at the same time be beautiful to watch here
I put a lot of coarse salt because
did I have room and broth but
I also have this with the meat and all
the vegetables that I m doing week
do it after because because you
take off several times but if we
told me you know how to shoot directly
thyme laurel
but for one and kummer could not have
alas we will put a lot of grains of
pepper
it's super important weapons and pepper
in grain because we have at least
more perfume ok there we will put the
two bone marrow
you go for not that they cook and
vegetables is there so it's been an hour and
mix acuity put all the vegetables to
the arrival onions cloves tac clove
tac tac tobacco rather shiny range
had no written interrogation at the mouth
had violated a day hand cuts the year
and wearing at the super essential ok actually
you always have to fill up a lot of
guillon because they pass to the key
another hour and a half and it's okay
to evaporate nicely especially there a
hour and a half to shudder we have a
shudder one lowers the fire to have
a little quiver the nanny no more
we wolf and basta and we put
no cover because if you lead
convert to the cat you 'll see a
very troubled broth okay so there
it's a clarification it's been done
all alone we will see what is called
osmosis is what it's cosmos and what
which is free of flavor the vegetable is going
to take the taste of meat the meat to
take taste of vegetables and the best
it will be the broth because he learned
the taste of everyone
little paws alphabet best enemy
the haunch and there on the table gherkins
mustard and then after you can add
little toast when I was full of
nice stuff very light a name well there
an hour and a half we can start
issue the cover